Add documentation for Lookup Processor (#6022)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/processors.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Lookup Processor

Use the Lookup Processor to define a mapping between a log attribute and a human readable value saved in the processors mapping table.

> For example, use this Lookup processor to map an internal service ID into a friendly human readable service name. Indeed if machines prefer to manipulate IDs, humans tend to prefer names. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can use the Lookup Processor to map an internal service ID into a human readable service name. 
```

> Or use it to check if the mac address that just attempted to connect to the production environment belongs to your list of stolen machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you could also use it to check if the MAC address that just attempted to connect to the production environment belongs to your list of stolen machines.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "UI" %}}

{{< img src="logs/processing/processors/lookup_processor.png" alt="Lookup Processor" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

> The processor perform the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The processor performs the following actions:
```

> * Look if the current log contains the source attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Looks if the current log contains the source attribute.
```

> * Check if the source attribute value exist in the mapping table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Checks if the source attribute value exists in the mapping table.
```

>   * If it does, create the target attribute with the corresponding value in the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If it does, creates the target attribute with the corresponding value in the table.
```

>   * If it does not find it in the mapping table, optionally create the target attribute with the filled default value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Optionally, if it does not find the value in the mapping table, creates a target attribute with the filled default value.
```

> Fill the mapping table either manually be entering a list of `source_key,target_value` or by uploading a CSV file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can fill the mapping table by manually entering a list of `source_key,target_value` pairs, or by uploading a CSV file.
```

> The size limit for the mapping table is 100Kb (limit applies across all lookup processors of the platform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size limit for the mapping table is 100Kb. This limit applies across all Lookup Processors on the platform.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

Use the [Datadog Log Pipeline API endpoint][1] with the following Lookup Processor JSON payload:

```json
{
  "type" : "lookup-processor",
  "name" : "<PROCESSOR_NAME>",
  "is_enabled" : true,
  "source" : "<SOURCE_ATTRIBUTE>",
  "target" : "<TARGET_ATTRIBUTE>",
  "lookup_table" : [ "key1,value1", "key2,value2" ],
  "default_lookup" : "<DEFAULT_TARGET_VALUE>",
}
```

| Parameter       | Type             | Required | Description|
| ------          | -----            | -------- | -----      |
| `type`          | String           | yes      | Type of the processor.|
| `name`          | String           | no       | Name of the processor.|

> | `is_enabled`    | Boolean          | yes      | If the processors is enabled or not, default: `false`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `is_enabled`    | Boolean          | yes      | If the processor is enabled or not. Default: `false`|
```

> | `source`        | String           | yes      | Source attribute used to perform the lookup |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `source`        | String           | yes      | Source attribute used to perform the lookup. |
```

> | `target`        | String           | yes      | Name of the attribute that contains the corresponding value in the mapping list or the default_lookup if not found in the mapping list|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `target`        | String           | yes      | Name of the attribute that contains the corresponding value in the mapping list or the `default_lookup` if not found in the mapping list.|
```

> | `lookup_table`  | Array of strings | yes      | Mapping table of value for the source attribute and their associated target attribute value formatted as [ "source_key1,target_value1", "source_key2,target_value2" ] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lookup_table`  | Array of strings | yes      | Mapping table of values for the source attribute and their associated target attribute values, formatted as [ "source_key1,target_value1", "source_key2,target_value2" ] |
```

> | `default_lookup`| String           | no       | Value set to the target attribute if the source value is not found in the list|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `default_lookup`| String           | no       | Value to set the target attribute if the source value is not found in the list.|
```
